Kim Lip’s butterfly attack!
When we each choreograph our dance moves~
Me and HeeJin were being copycats!
Do YeoJin!
YeoJin has small hands~
Does it look like YeoJin??
You know what I’m talking about?
Choerry is something like this, you know what I mean?
Copying Yves!
Do you guys know which scene this is from??
Go Won!
Yves making a vengeance …
Olivia Hye!!
Triangle shaped lips are the main point
And this is Chuu!
Olivia Hye!!
That’s too… cute!! It’s not like that ~
That’s too cute !
Well, I am cute ~~
What in the world are you saying girl! Hold up ~~
Chuu copying Olivia Hye!
And this is Go Won!
And this is how Go Won is like based on Chuu…
Yves!
Hey Olivia Hye~
Olivia Hye~~
Well you guys should all know by now ~ !